{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green34\blue34;\red217\green11\blue0;\red164\green8\blue0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab708
\pard\pardeftab708\sl400\sa160

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 About us section\
THIS PAGE WILL SIT IN THE \'91ABOUT\'94 section on the Navigation bar
\fs22 \
Why use us?
\b0 \cf2 \
We pride ourselves on being a family business that offers a friendly and professional service\'a0that is far removed from that offered by a franchise or large chain.\'a0 Perhaps that's why we've been voted "Best Estate Agency in France" for two years running.\cf0  \
\
If you are looking to buy a property:\
\pard\pardeftab708\li720\sl400\sa160
\cf0 We have a huge portfolio of properties for sale right across France. From ramshackle barns to convert up to the finest chateaux, villas and ski property we have something to suit every budget.\
Our local agents live and work in their area and can offer expert advice on both the regional property market and the best villages, schools, restaurants and local facilities.\
Our bi-lingual contracts team will be by your side throughout the purchase process. We even employ our own in-house notaire to ensure each sale progresses as smoothly as possible.\
We have been voted \'93
\i Best Estate Agency in France
\i0 \'94 for two years running now \'96 we are members of the FNAIM with a carte professionnelle & full professional indemnity insurance and have two decades of experience behind us. We offer local knowledge you can trust.\
\
\cf3 BUTTON \'91SIGN UP & FIND YOUR DREAM HOME\'92 with link to a pop up sign up box with fields : First Name : Last Name: Email Address: SIGN ME UP/SEND.\cf0  \
\pard\pardeftab708\sl400\sa160
\cf0 If you are looking to sell a property\
\pard\pardeftab708\li720\sl400\sa160
\cf0 We reach more international buyers than any other agency in France. If you want to expose your property to both the local and global market then you should instruct us.  Appoint Leggett Immobilier to sell your property & it will immediately be put in front of\'a0
\b 5.4m overseas buyers
\b0 \'a0every month.\
Your property will be listed on our website (over 2.4m visitors last year) and we can create a \'93virtual tour\'94 of your property free of charge so that international buyers get the full picture.\
We will also promote your property through a selection of international portals in Europe, Asia and the USA including a guaranteed listing on Rightmove International.\
Leggett has an exclusive arrangement with Hamptons International who market our properties through their local offices, wealth management department and dedicated website.\
Our marketing budget of \'801m pa allows us to exhibit properties at major exhibitions around the world as well as advertise in publications such as the FT and Country Life International.\
Our team speak English, French, Dutch, Chinese, Russian and a host of other languages \'96 we will be by your side to ensure that the sale passes as smoothly as possible.
\b \
\pard\pardeftab708\li720\sl400\sa160

\b0 \cf4 BUTTON \'91SELL YOUR PROPERTY\'92 with link to a pop up sign up box with text and fields \'91
\f1\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Fill in the form below and someone will be in touch to arrange a viewing by return\'92\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 Name:\
Address:\
Postcode:\
Tel:\
Email:\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab708\sl400\sa160

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 How we work
\b0 \
Our 250 agents across France have a huge wealth of local knowledge and are supported by a team of legal and financial experts at Head Office. All Leggett agents list their own properties, know their area and are based locally to the properties within their portfolio}