{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset204 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Brief for the 4 Area Landing pages\ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Re these pages in a responsive format: Need your advice here as not sure if the map will work and the main image is a vertical image. I could always supply a horizontal main image for the tablet and phone device pages - what do you think?
\i0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Notes:\
\
1, All pages have the same style and the same elements (map, main image etc)\
2. Header and footer as per all other layouts\
\
The areas shown on the map should link to their respective regional page (which you don\'92t have yet) . Not sure if you can put a hover colour over the areas on the map to show people that they can click on it. If you need the map as an eps to do this please let me know.\
\
All regions shown on each page again need to be linked to their dedicated page. I have put these in colour and where chosen highlighted and underlined.\
\
The DISCOVER elements also need to link to their regional page.\
\
So in essence you have links to the regional pages three times in each page (map, bulleted list and under DISCOVER.\
\
Please keep all pages uniform. The font size for the headline however is different on two pages (north and west and south and south east) as they are too long to fit on one line otherwise. I\'92d really like all headlines to fit on one line.\
\
I think also on these page there needs to be a \'91back\'92 button to let people navigate back to the main areas page. I haven\'92t shown it on any of the pages but think probably under nav bar top left? Or happy to copy the nav bar we put on the sellers and buyers pages which would then be something lie this: Home (the house) / info / About France / Areas / Central France        with the last element representing the area they are on i.e central or south east or north and north west etc}