{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green45\blue153;\red0\green61\blue204;\red34\green34\blue34;
\red80\green0\blue80;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab708
\pard\pardeftab708\sl400\sa160

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Please align all elements.\
For the mobile site plus run all right hand column items at the bottom of the page.\
\
Meet the Leggett Head Office Team
\b0 \
We are a family business who offer a friendly and professional service.  The team at Head Office work closely with Leggett Agents across France to deliver an outstanding service to our clients and vendors.  \
These are some of our award winning team members.\
Executive Board \
Trevor Leggett (Chairman) \'96 Company founder, Trevor has overall responsibility for the business. He has a high profile within the industry and is respected for his innovative thinking and passionate approach. \
email link directors@leggett.fr\
Graham Downie (Chief Executive) \'96 Graham has extensive experience of the international property market with Savills, Chesterton and other blue chip agencies. He is responsible for creating and implementing our ambitious business plan.\
\cf2 email link directors@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Karine Charriaud (G\'e9rante) \'96 Karine oversees the day to day running of the business with responsibility for all HR and legal issues. She also holds the Carte Professionnelle for our head office in La Rochebeaucourt.\
\cf3 email link directors@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Joanna Leggett (Head of Marketing) \'96 Joanna has a media background in central London and is responsible for our international marketing programme. Her role covers PR, advertising, exhibitions and managing our growing online presence as well as all brand related issues.\
\cf3 email link marketing@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Vicki Randall (Head of Contracts) \'96 Vicki manages the contracts and mandates departments as well as acting as Finance Director for the company.  She is based in our prestigious St Emilion office.\
\cf3 email link contracts@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Natalie Leggett (Head of Sales Support) \'96 Natalie manages our sales support team ensuring a prompt and professional response to all client enquiries.  She has a unique knowledge of France and is expert at taking a full brief from clients so that we can find the ideal properties from within our portfolio.\
\cf3 email link sales@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Sales Support Team \'96 headed by Natalie Leggett this is the team that will take your initial enquiry, help you find suitable properties and create your viewing itinerary where you will be met by our local agents. Our call centre is open six days a week and we are currently handling up to 500 new enquiries a day.\
\cf3 email link sales@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Contracts team \'96 headed by Vicki Randall and Karine Charriaud we are proud that we have such a qualified team of contracts professionals in-house. We don\'92t know of another agency in France who can boast that they have a fully qualified notaire as part of their team. This team will ensure that your sale or purchase passes as smoothly as possible and will liaise with your local notaire. We are one of the first estate agents in France to introduce electronic mandating in an effort to cut down paperwork for our clients.\
\cf3 email link contracts@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Sales team \'96
\b  
\b0 Headed by Trevor Leggett, Tracey Hudson and Carl Fitzpatrick lead our professional team of over 250 agents throughout France offer an unrivalled local knowledge. The agents on the ground are given full support to ensure that the service you receive is of the highest quality. After all, you don\'92t win an award for being \'93The Best Estate Agency in France\'94 for nothing.\
\cf3 email link negotiations@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Training & Recruitment \'96 headed by Sarah Edwards our business is growing rapidly and we are constantly on the look out for new agents.  We offer an unrivalled, four day, residential induction training as well as ongoing support from mentors in the field. Once new agents have settled in they are given advanced training on the more technical aspects of the role as well as continual support from head office staff who offer updates and insight on any technical or legislative issues brought in by the French parliament.\
\cf3 email link recruitment@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Marketing \'96 we have the biggest international marketing presence of any estate agent in France. Headed by Joanna Leggett we employ a team of people expert in the field of public relations, direct marketing and graphic design. Giving maximum exposure to our clients properties is one of the reasons that we sell more houses in France to international buyers than any other estate agency.\
\cf3 email link marketing@leggett.fr\cf0 \
IT \'96 headed by Ludovic Boyer and Simon Langdon we have an inhouse team of five IT experts who ensure that our website remains the most innovative and user friendly in the marketplace.  Again, it is critical to our vendors that their properties are easy to find on the internet and that the descriptions are accurate, informative and contain plenty of photographs as well as virtual tours and (increasingly) floorplans.\
\cf3 email link IT@leggett.fr\cf0 \
Accounts \'96 \cf4 Our accounts team, run by Magali Lhuillier, works as all good accounts teams should, in a professional and reliable fashion.\'a0 A backbone of any company, the accounts team quietly ensure the smooth running of the business on a day-to-day basis.\cf0  \
\cf3 email link accounts@leggett.fr\cf4 \
Mandates - Headed by Maryvonne Philogomme our efficent mandats team work seamlessly with Leggett Agents to ensure that all mandats and avenants are processed effectively and quickly.\'a0 This team work to ensure that all property listings with Leggett Immobilier are correctly registered and logged.\
\cf3 email link mandates@leggett.fr\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab708\sl400
\cf4 Partners & new build - Samia Herda heads our Partnerships department.\'a0 We have hand selected international partners (for example Hamptons International in the UK) who help us expose our clients properties to the widest possible global audience.\'a0 Our new homes department is run by Jos\'e9 Da Silva and our listings include some of the finest ski properties, villas and investment property in France.\
\pard\pardeftab708\sl400\sa160
\cf3 email link partners@leggett.fr
\f1\fs17 \cf5 \page \uc0\u8232 
\fs22 \cf0 \page \uc0\u8232 \page \
}